Add single arch build using GHA replacing travis (#42)
sopel-irc/docker-sopel: README.md

You can also mount a text file to `/apk_packages.txt` with a list of packages to be installed on startup.

### Nightly Builds

> Every night there is an automatic build of the bleeding edge master branch of [sopel-irc/sopel](https://github.com/sopel-irc/sopel). Do not use this to run a production bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An image based on the master branch of [sopel-irc/sopel](https://github.com/sopel-irc/sopel) is rebuilt each day at 00:00 UTC using the `nightly` tag.
```
